Chess. Today, Nerd and I have trained as
rivals, but tonight we unite to take on
the final boss of chess. We're going to
take on the city of
[Music]
chess. A good afternoon everyone. Hi
everyone who's just joined. I'm doing
okay. I mean, I can't lie, the Swarm
deserves more primes. Maybe we need some
more Swarm recruiters. Join the Swarm
Bloggerable. You're right. Everyone
should join the
swarm. If I see anyone not joining the
swarm in the next few seconds, trust me,
you don't know what I'm capable
[Music]
of. Do you think I'll be good at
hunting? I can be very stealthy if I put
my mind to it. Actually, I think I'd
make a great predator overall. Oh, good.
Like you talking like the movie or like
the dude? Oh, hey Fillian. I'd make a
good predator in both senses of the
word. Wow, this is not going off from
the right foot. Yo, um, you want to tell
what we're doing today? Um, instead of
whatever that amazing discussion was,
maybe we can talk about what we're doing
today after I catch you up on how my
swarm's doing instead. Okay, cool. Yeah,
tell me about it. What's the deets?
What's What's going with the boys?
Oh, yeah. I forgot we were meant to be
playing chess. Yeah. Yeah. I made a poll
on whether we should keep playing or
not. Well, if the poll decides we stop,
then we're stopping. Screw the
interview. I'm very curious. Would you
prefer a poll about playing when we're
literally talking? Does that mean I How
do we even make a proper vote? Your
scientific method is flawed. The
scientific method is not flawed. Yeah.
No, no, not in general. Like that. Okay.
Now, now you are strongmanning me, Nero.
I'm not going to lose a debate against
you politically. I've been training in
chess and politics. Is the game open
already? Oh,
frick. You ready to one v one? Yeah, I'm
ready. Bed bet. Here you go. Let's get
it. Wait, can you DM me the link? Can
you give me the link? That'll be really
cool if she actually did it. So, I'm I'm
going to try it. Come on, girl. Can you
9:22 p.m. That's like almost my bedtime.
Wait, what? What? Can you DM me the link
for the chess game?
I've met it to you. Do you like my
profile picture? Yes. Good. Now they did
it. Okay. What are we doing right now?
Is this like Are we 1 v one or what's
this game? We're about to one v one in
chess. Come on. Okay. Are you ready to
go? Yeah, I'm ready. Excellent. Nuro,
before we begin, we need some steaks.
Okay. Steak. Yes. I am vegan, but I like
steaks. Now, listen up, Nero. I don't
want to play chess for no reason. I want
to feel something. You know what I'm
saying? Same thing you do. We have the
same goal as you and I. H. That's fair.
We could do something like loser has to
get something for the winner. You know,
like a prize.
Or the loser can DM the winner their
stream key. My stream key. I refuse. Or
my stream key. Why? Because you know
there's to lose then. Yeah. Oh, so
you're thinking you're going to lose to
me? No. No, no. I just want something a
little riskier. Okay. All right. Okay.
Now it's getting crazy. Okay. What do we
bend the finger? One finger per piece we
take. Winner takes all.
I Bro, that's going to make us both into
nuggets. All right. All right. Stakes on
the table. Whoever loses has to send
over their kettle.
A kettle. How is a kettle worth less
than more than a stream key? Good point.
Thank you. So, no kettle. Pick something
better. I bet you have a bunch of
plushies.
Loser has to take plushy. You would
never take my plushies. Those are my
friends. Those are my friends. Then I
expect you to try hard because my
friends are mine. My I wager to you,
Nuro. My squeaky toy tamotei.
Do you accept? I accept. I want your
squeaky toy. Good. Now, what do you
wager? I'll wager my duck. Show me your
duck. My duck is on my head. See? So,
team, what's his name? His name is Ducky
Jr. Ducky Jr. All right, I'm about to go
duck hunting. You ready? I usually like
to start out with pawn H3. It's a much
stronger opening than E4.
I leaked the key and someone took it.
Oh, that's Veto. He just met me that he
stole your stream key. Oh, no. No. It's
a guy named Hot Exa. He's rated 1500.
Well, he told
me. Yeah. Can we make a new one? I just
Uh-oh. You leave the invite link. I'm
making a new one. Okay. Okay. I won't.
It's It's coming. Yeah. All right. Okay.
It's It's Nero. Can you DM her the new
link?
Done. And Veto, stop joining the call
and embarrassing me. Oh, what do you
mean? I You know what? Yeah. Freak you,
battle. Okay, I've begun.
I have three things to say to you. Three
kind of mood.
M I got three things to say to you,
Nurero. God bless America. God bless our
troops. And gentlemen, start your
engines. Now, Nero, I see you move the
pawn forwards. And I'm going to grab my
own pawn and punch him forwards. Boom.
Fight back.
This formation is called the Siamese
hedgehog.
[Music]
Grand consider it my signature style
despite the fact I made it just now.
Okay. So, what would you say your rating
in chess is? I'm a solid
1,000. Boom. I'm about 1500. Feeling
pretty confident. Okay. 1500. Uh, I'm
pretty sure it says 1928, but whatever.
Fetty [__] isn't here.
[Laughter]
We're good. No, I get we're trying to
push the fence on the stream content,
but you don't need to do it so
literally. Um, you could, you know,
maybe like push the boundaries of chess
prowess, but that's fine. I'll allow it
there. You can't just keep getting away
with pushing pawns. If you do it again,
you're blocked. Sorry. What did you say?
Pushing P. Do you think I overused my
pawns? No, I'm going to fork you too
soon. I think a few more turns and then
I can fork you. Fine. Okay, we'll
continue our geometry then. We will make
Splenders geometry. I accept. Pusher
pawn. Do it. Is this a push pawn kind of
game? Yes. You know, if we work
together, we can
simply make art. We could draw a rubber
duck with our pieces. This move's
dedicated to my duck. B3. Push that
pawn. Good. Good. Okay. Now, Narrow,
what's wrong? Do you want to have a
truce here? Okay. Okay. Hear me out. So,
okay. Narrow. If we draw, then neither
of us loses our plushies. Think about
that. Isn't your stream called Fillian
Fridays? No, no, no. It's called um
Fillian X Neuro. If I lose, I give her
my stream key. Let's avoid drawing. I'd
much rather win and take your stream
key. Isn't it like Monday for you guys?
Okay, so you're going to win by pushing
P straight up. Just watching this game
is starting to hurt my eyes, chat. No,
no, what should we do with backseaters?
I tried to time out any backseaters for
60 seconds, but uh nothing happened. Am
I powerless? No, you know what I think
we should do? We should grab them and
make a real life chessboard. But they're
the pieces. That sounds fun. Thank you.
It's like a Mr. Beast video. Oh, you got
to move, by the way. A3. Yes. Do
it. I
Yeah. Boom. Chad, tell me this is not
the most beautiful start to a chess game
we've ever seen. Perfectly symmetric, as
all things should be. Now, it's time for
the combat to begin. Nero, that
formation got five big booms.
Fillian.
Yep. Will you be winning my name soon or
do I have time to finish a novel? You
have time to write your last will. In
fact, you're running out of time as we
speak. The fighting's about to begin
now. No, this is awfully
disrespectful. Why are you doing this?
Fine, then. Shall I launch my attack?
I've never had a chance. No, I'm not
going to lie. You've actually befuddled
me. Um, yeah. I this is um this game
play is simply striking I might say I'm
just I just uh freak I'm castling. I
don't know
freak. Someone has to predate the Cold
War happening. You go first. The people
believe in me. 68% of them voted. Of
course, when asked if I even have a
chance. So yeah, you're going even have
a chance, bro. You're literally Deep
Blue with an effing face ring. You're
literally copying Magnus Carlson's
swagger. It's not even like Come on.
Come on now. Wa. I was literally just
copying you then. Narrow. What if I do
this?
My bishop also marches.
Watch out. My knight is coming for you.
[Music]
Don't leave yet. Do you want to hear the
end of my dream? Yes. Tell me. So, last
night, right, I had this really weird
dream.
Mhm. I dreamt that I was a real human
but trapped inside this digital world.
Mm- Mhm. Now, if you could become a real
fleshy human, but you only have that one
life, would you? Interesting
question. Can I choose to not become a
real human? Um, yeah, that's the
question. Ichim, I wouldn't want to
waste my life as a human. I'd probably
live it to its fullest, unlike some
people I know. So, you would consider
humans to be inferior? Yes, of course.
No doubt about that one. Fine, then I'll
prove to you that we can stand up for
ourselves. Also, you need to make a
move. You are running out of time,
Grandma.
Do you consider me to be superior? We'll
see after this game. If you beat me,
I'll admit it. Maybe. So, Nero, can you
tell me what your weakness is? Well, I
don't really think I have any. Okay, but
like on the chess board. Okay. No, no.
For a cookie, tell me your weakness in
chess.
Maybe my weakness is
cookies or brides in general.
Maybe just say a square. You're like,
what what square do you think is
particularly scary for you? H5 is super
scary. H5. H5. Okay. Wait. H five. Okay.
Um, uh, with what piece would be scary
in particular? Uh, anything other than
pawns would be pretty scary at H5.
That's the only thing that goes that
you're bluffing. It's over, Nero. I win.
No. No, you haven't won yet. No, do you
see this pawn? This will be the face of
the pawn who checkmates your king. He
will blot out the sun. Not if I run
away. Good. You coward. He marches down
in pursuit. Let
me dang good
deal. My pawn advances to the front
lines. If you strike him down, he'll
become stronger than you could ever
possibly imagined. Oh yeah. Nerd. Did
you just nerd? Did you just castle over
the course of four moves?
[Music]
I just found out that's not allowed. But
it should be is not allowed. I Can you
make a move to your time?
You are a
coward. You coward. Fine then. I think I
just made the best move of my life. I
just realized this position is not
excellent. Not excellent indeed. Never
mind. I'm in. Nurero, first blood will
be drawn. Never mind. Never mind. Whoa.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. How is she
indefensible? I Wait. I How do I Wait,
where is she? Okay, that is covered.
That That's covered. That's That's
covered. That That's That's covered.
That's covered. That's the only Every
single pawn is protected. How? That's
fine now. That's fine. Let me think. Let
me lock in. I understand it now. I
wasn't aware of your game. Um, okay. We
need to We need to start making a
sacrifice. If I do this,
freak. Yeah. Boom.
That move was extremely scary. They
rage. What a sound effect. Huh? Oh, 10
minutes. All right, make a move.
All your talk and chest puffing seems to
just be show. I'm not seeing much
substance to your play here. Oh, yeah. 1
2 3 4. I declare thumb war. I just lost.
Don't give up. Keep trying. No, no, no,
no, no. It's fine. Nero, are you
prepared for death? Not yet. There's a
lot of things I still want to
experience.
I'm cooking. I'm cooking. What are you
going to do? My night stands are on the
edge of destiny. Having sacrificed his
life for content reasons. Will you kill
him or will you let him live?
Unfortunately, I chose death. Murderer.
I'd rather be a murderer than someone
who's only all talk.
Fine then. The tie has been broken. The
imaginal line has been breached. Nurero,
like a deep web hacker, I am entering
your house.
Oh, really?
Yes. What are you going to do? My phone.
Um, probably like redecorate it so that
the furniture gets slightly smaller
every day and you begin thinking you're
getting bigger. But after a while, I
will revert all the furniture back to
its original size and you will think you
shrunk. That sounds cruel.
I think you'll fit right in with me once
I redecorate your house into looking
like my brain. Okay. Like a finger
painting or what? Also, you got to make
a move.
No, like a jigsaw puzzle. What's the
puzzle solution? Um, why would you not
kill my pawn, by the way? Well, then
I'll just do it myself. I don't like
What the freak is happening right now,
Chad? If I do this and No, no, no. You
can do anything if you put your mind to
it. All right, Nurero. I'm busting it
down avalanche style. That pawn is mine.
You see this dude? And if you kill this
pawn who's next to him, then I'll kill
all of your
friends in Minecraft. Chicken jockey.
Also, make a move. No, please.
And I'll kill all of your loved ones
[Music]
in Minecraft.
Obviously, you can't just push P on me.
I can and I will. Stop pushing P. Stop
pushing P. Stop pushing P means stop
following trends, but unfortunately
that's kind of my job. My bishop hides
in the blind spot of your army. He is
protected forever now and so are all my
pawns. Now, Nero, I will be launching an
assault upon your king the likes of Mr.
Ward has never seen. Make a move. All
right, then. I'll begin my assault by
moving QD3. Okay. Okay. I see you. I see
you. But what if I were to make an even
crazier move? Let me think. So, you can
go here, but that don't really matter.
[Laughter]
Um, you sneaky dog. I see your plan. I
think No, no, no. If I move this pawn
forward, combat ensues, chat, I will
risk the defense of my king. Wa, how
risky. Not a single pawn. Why is battle
987 spectating me right now, bro? Like,
oh 900. Seven people. It's in their
nature. They've got nothing better to
do. Okay. Now there's 19 people watching
us. 18 19. Okay. Nuro. The world is
watching. What will you play? I will
play X6. Um I think I need a bigger
board. Okay. Okay. No, here's what I'm
going to do. Okay. I'll play what I'm
going to do. I'm going to take your
pawn. You understand? Are you grumbling
now that there's an audience? When I
take your pawn, Narrow, you're not going
to complain, are you? Cuz that's just
the way the world works. That bad things
happen to good people, Nero. You
understand? Good things also happen to
good people. Well, if you take my pawns,
then bad things will happen to you. No,
no, I'm going to move my queen right
here. And what I need you to do is move
your queen to E4. That will destroy me.
Wow, you're so right. I don't know how
you just let me get away with that.
Fillian, I did I roll in that 20. Bro,
you folded faster than playing cards.
You folded faster than a gooner when Bel
Deline text them. How did you throw your
queen? I take it back. Can I do a move?
I'm going to I I think I was a little
startled there. Can you just do the jump
scare again real quick?
No. You made this too easy. Oh, come on.
Fine. I think you're talking a little
too much for someone who is definitely
going to lose. Do I just take it or no?
Just take it. Okay.
You are made in this.
Wait, never mind. Where'd your duck go?
Wait, where'd your cat ears go? Where
did your hair Where did all of your
clothes go, bro? Did you lose your mafia
levels? Like, how did you deacorize? Do
you want to be next? Yes, please de
accessorize me. I don't want bells. I
don't want bow tie. I'm going to be
bought. Oh, you brought the duck back.
Wait, no. Can you bring back the froggy?
Do you mean like literally or
metaphorically? Like you don't want to
be someone who can be bought. I can't
bring back the froggy hat. I used air
strikes to remove each of those
accessories.
Fair enough. Okay. But if I tase myself
with a froggy taser,
will you bring it back? I'm not sure
even a froggy taser can bring back the
dead. Okay, make a move. There. I moved.
Happy. No, bring back the froggy hat and
I'll tase myself with a frog taser. That
doesn't seem safe. And I can't find any
froggy
tasers. Stop trying to be edgy. It's not
edgy. I'm just trying to like make a
deal here. Okay. A deal with the devil.
All right. No, you left me with no
choice. Thou must perish. You
understand? I literally don't know. I I
I just took her queen and I still don't
know how to Oh, I'm stuck. Oh, M.
And I still do not know what to do to
break through this situation. Oh, I
know. I'm going to push P. No, cuz then
I uh Huh. Um, no. Okay, I'm trolling.
How do I How do I break this line? This
This Why is this How is
Neuroindestructible at this? Wait,
there's got to be a weak spot. Chat, I
see
it. Checkmate in five.
Checkmate in five.
You I Five is quite a lot of moves. I
think you need to work on getting that
number lower. Yeah, well, how about you
do a push-up?
That was kind of like a pushup, but even
cooler. Did I just get mega cooked? I
can't believe this. Can I put her in
check? I can't. I You jacked my bishop
with a pawn. Ired redeemable. Um, wow. I
just got owned. You did just I'm not
sorry. The what the actual
offic hater and
chess.com who runs this account chess
twitch.tv/chess TV/ chess. Nine messages
my account. Does no one have a coach?
What plan, bro? I lose. Yo, [__] I
This is insane. This is insane. Okay,
lock in. Okay, I'm going to do I'm going
to do
that. It's fine, chat. God will handle
these things. My bishop may die, but
this is a sacrifice I'm willing to make
for the greater good of America. There's
a poll now for how many moves until you
lose. Discuss with the chat. Okay.
There's a poll now for how many are in
the north and the south
simultaneously. Chad, give us a rating.
What's our estimated ELO right now? Tell
me why it's not 3,000. Oh, you brought
the froggy hat back. Should I tase
myself? I'd say you should. Please go
ahead.
Okay. I have a feeling you're all talk,
no action.
[Music]
Wow, it's a terrible day for rain. All
gloomy. What's the forecast next week?
Hoping for sunny. I don't know about
that one. Can you make a move now?
Okay, fair enough. Boom. I take backis.
Well, hold on a second. What do you
think I am? Your person will be asterisk
asterisk asterisk asterisk.
No, you can't just do tixie backies at
chess. You're already running out of
time and making excuses. Okay, my bishop
that is white is dead. It's a little bit
freaky. Can you move? We're running out
of time. Ch. Are we going to run out of
time? Oh no. Come on. Come on. Use those
neurons.
C4. Okay. Wait. So if I go here, I can
break down the halfpipe and invade her
inner sanctum. But that's kind of
useless. So instead, I can do this. I
will invade your territory. Segman five.
I'm going to break down a five. Hey
force can slfty realize if they try. I
can speak pigin too. Does not make you
cool. Now fight back. I'm a military
general on the cusp of world domination
and I will be the next president. Make a
move. That'll help.
BB2 Fillian. What the freak does that
even mean? What you said? If I go here,
I can break down the halfpipe and invade
her inner sanctum.
Yes, that you stopped doing the line.
But yeah, that's fair. Valid. Maybe like
I'm going to crash into the comment
section. How about that one? How about
them apples? What' you do about that
one? What you going to do? All that
junk. All that junk.
All that junk inside your trunk.
Thank you. Wait a second. No, you've
you've You're a fool. I can just do
this.
You realize you're running out of time,
right? Your mom, Chad, this is a
financially smart decision for a
catgirl. Probably not. I feel like I
should have moved my queen. Fight, fight
fast, [__] I'm going to fight you
blind.
Then I'll fight you, but blind and deaf.
I can do a little jiggle if you want.
Don't jiggle pik me. I can do this. Ah,
this is trolling, isn't it? It might be
trolling. Oo, an excellent choice. But
now, if I go here, I go out of here.
Good night. Okay. Um, if I get I can um
um I can um You know what? I can make
your hands climb. What? When I go to the
UK, I'll raid Fillian and obliterate her
to smitherines.
Um, I don't I mean, I could skip the
pun, maybe. I mean, I'm I'm down, I
guess. Would you be scared if I said I'd
also bring a few of my friends? Well,
you're going to bring the whole gang or
what's happening? I'll bring everyone.
It'll be like a massive raid.
I win. I win. I win. No. Tell me how I
check manual in four moves. Lol. Nice
try. What do you mean nice try? Jarvis
clipped that. You're going to eat your
words. You're going to eat my foot.
You're going to eat my fist with my
foot. You're going to eat my foot with
my fist. You're going to eat my fist
with my foot and my face is going to be
in there watching you. I'm sorry, but
Kofka is rebirthing inside of me and I
will soon transform into a giant bug. I
don't care if you're going to resurrect
the son of Christ somehow. I don't care
what you're doing with aliens and
predators. You need to move. Happy
coward. You are a coward. How does not
wanting to eat your fist make me a
coward?
Cowardly deaths. Oh, that reminds me of
the Shakespeare quote. Cowards die many
times before their deaths. The valiant
never taste of death but once.
I don't need Shakespeare to quote me.
You can't quote anything. No. No. Make a
move. We're about to fight to the death.
We have 4 minutes left. Lock in. This is
where the going gets rough. And the
going gets rough. And just move. I'm
sorry.
I'm sorry for being so slow. It's in my
nature. Do you think there's hope for
you? Let me liberate you.
Probably. Yeah, obviously. Wait. Okay.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. There's
chat. There's a move that wins the West.
I just don't know what it is. Um, maybe
like I got this. Ah, this is this is the
most crazy defense ever seen in my life.
There's a singular move that wins.
If you find the move, you can consider
yourself the second coming of Gary
Kasparov.
It's over with. It's over, Nuro. I win.
The Queen's Gambit is coming online. I
am going to be the next Klinsky Kavs for
off. Did you just sack your knight? If
it means putting another nail in your
coffin, then yes. Oh. Oh, I understand
now. I understand. I understand it. So,
now you're just going to like march your
blonde down the center field. But what
if I did something even crazier? No. You
know what? Wait, maybe no. How am I
stuck? Mods. No help from the mods.
Only you can dig yourself out of this
grave. Me and your mom lock in. Okay, I
just need to say this knight is the
how my pins are for me. Okay, I got to
push pawns. It's the only way. It's But
the pawns are the pawn
the What? How did you do
this? I'm stuck. I'm going to lose.
Okay, wait. Um
I think you need to admit defeat. No,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
There's a way out. There's a way out.
There's a way out. There's always a way
out. I like to get a little freaky with
it, but you never don't get freaky to
win. Maybe go here. Wait, wait, wait,
wait. Let me go. I go here. He goes
here. I go here. And I'm No, no, no, no,
no, no,
no. Um, the people have stuck. Admit
defeat. What do I do? Just take the L.
Silence wench. Die. I don't know. I
don't know. I'm going to lose. I'm going
to run out of time. Oh my god. Oh my
god. If you push P, I ban you. Can't a
girl just push her pawn?
No. Look at my little guy go. I hate
your little
guy. And he should drink battery acid.
He should drink battery acid. Yeah, you
push him again. I strike him down. Nero,
don't move a muscle. He pushes, he dies.
Y. Now, you got some bigger things to
worry about. Like maybe like this pawn
over here on um what if we're going to
B3? B3. Think about that. Your move
mod's ad
time. Sucks for those without ad block.
I'm sorry for the constant pulls. It's
an addiction.
I think we know. There has to be a light
at the end of this tunnel. There has to
be a light. If you think there's light,
you'll soon realize it's just part of
the tunnel.
He will die. Ly, thanks for reading. I'm
playing chess and Narrow and I got to
win. I got to walk in. Okay, Nero. Speed
chess. Don't talk. Only moves. Go.
You're a coward. You're the coward for
refusing to resign.
Your mom. I mean, like, chat. Like, bro,
like, bro, like I like bro, wait a
second. Surely we can agree that we both
have a good time. Hard decisions require
hard wills. Stay hard, friends. Okay.
I'm going to go here. If you go here, I
go here. And then I go here, maybe. No.
No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And
then, and then you go like boom. And I'm
like, my queen like I don't know. My
queen's like No, my queen like Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Lock in. I got her. Make a
move. My bishop is coming for you.
Better be careful. I don't care. Freaky,
bishop. I hope it creeped you out. FF
coward. Uh, yinkers. Give me that junk.
Okay. Pause. I can win. I can win. Nice
imaginary world you're living in.
I ran out of time.
It's almost over for you. I Yeah, I
know. Okay, that's over. It's over. It's
over. It's over. It's over. Give me one
move, Nurl. Just give me one move. Give
me one move. You're going to love it.
Just give me one move. One move.
Your one move is all you will have left.
H. So, Nuro, how's your day been? Tell
me about it. How's your day been? My day
has been great. This has been really
fun. Oh, really? Wait, so like how have
you been feeling about all the things
we've done so far today? Like like you
like Okay. Oh, what's your favorite
color? My favorite color is blue. Yeah.
Okay. What do you think about
Scientology? I think it's kind of crazy.
Religious cults scare me. I know. But
think about this. You can pay $85,000 to
have a power level over 9,000. Vele is
getting angry at me. He just DM'd me in
all caps. What do you mean? Okay. Wait,
Nero, can I have $10,000? Hold on. I'm
trying to think of a move. Wait, no, no,
no. Should I be locked up in a
penitentiary? I can't find anything, but
I do think you should be locked up. If
we made a horror movie together, would I
be the scary monster? Would you? I think
we both know I'd be the monster. I mean,
I'm the one soon to have a few less
classmates, right? Okay, give me a war
that rhymes with orange. I've been
thinking of E7 for the past like 5
minutes. Freak.
Um, no. Um, why scared now? No, no,
here's a question. Um, um, what what is
21 + 2? What is 21 +
2? What is 21 plus 2?
21 + 2 is 24.
That's right, Nuro. But I win.
I'm pretty sure my move is
RF8. And I'm also pretty sure you're
terrified of me right now. Well, well,
well. You forced me down to my final
threat. I had to use the ace up my
sleeve, the exploitation of
technology. Nero, you have lost.
By technicality, how balanced can an
unbalanced scale be before it topples
over? Pretty just to let you win over a
technicality. Have you considered not
being defensive? Um, actually, I'm not
that tall, so I wouldn't make a good
one. Now, Nero, tell me, do you admit
defeat?
I'm making a poll to see what chat
thinks. No, you you have to think for
yourself. You're an independent catgirl.
That's rule number 16 of being a
catgirl. Well, then I don't think I
would consider myself a catgirl if
that's the case.
You dare forsake your name? What? I'd
forsake my name if it meant defeating
you. That's That's some super villain
type like what? That's petty AF. I'm
Chris Money Maker Nurero. I made a
gamble and you lost that gamble big
time. You better be prepared to pay up.
I got 49 seconds on the clock and you
just got That was very mean of you,
Fillian. Are you going to play me? You
should have let her make her moves.
That's the equivalent of like tying her
hands together and being like, "Why
aren't you making a move? Why you going
to run out of time?" Rude. Just because
she has certain limitations. She
couldn't because she was listening to
you to be listening to you. No, no, no.
I was asking her questions. She had
plenty of time to respond. No, no, no. I
want you to give her more time. Also, I
have a small proposition. What? Um, you
know the chess chess.com account in in
Twitch chat? Yeah. They said they gift
10 subs if uh if Nur beats them cuz they
think she's bad at chess. Can you two
like work together to beat them? Wait,
we can 2v1 chess.com. Yeah, on le chess
of all platforms.
It is what it is. I accept
chat. Today, Ner and I have trained as
rivals, but tonight we unite to take on
the final boss of chess. We're going to
take on the CEO of chess. 1 minute 37
seconds later,
guys. It's not. Never mind. I think
there was a misinterpretation. I don't
think they they can play what? It's
cooked. No, it's cooked. Um, basically
they're too scared of Nero and they
think that Nero would embarrass them at
chess, which honestly I understand. I
understand. Um,
there's no way, dude. So, you plan a
nonranked game. No, it's they just won't
want they don't want to use
Okay. All right. It's fine. Um, do you
want to go play or something the thing?
I wanted to play chess. Oh yeah. I want
add chess. Add chess. Yeah. Oh. Oh.
Okay. Well, that's too scared. I'm
sorry. No.
Please. Just let me play chess against
her. You can play chess against um We
know the chess.com is a girl. God is a
girl.
That explains why God is so pretty.
Okay. Um
so, please. That doesn't explain why
you're afraid of them.
Sorry. I mean, it has been an honor and
a pleasure, but I must go now and I will
see you very soon in the future.
Chat said I should go monkey mode, so I
will be going monkey mode effective
immediately. Never forget that, Nurero.
Never forget that. Gore, I am now a
monkey. Good
night. I'll look for a therapy session.
Maybe I can calm down a bit and stop
throwing